Qualcomm AI Engine Direct - Add JIT document. (#7789)
google-ai-edge/LiteRT: litert/vendors/qualcomm/doc/QAIRT_SDK.md

### Hexagon Arch

When using HTP backend, users need to know which architecture is used in their
devices. Please search "Supported Snapdragon devices" in
https://docs.qualcomm.com/doc/80-63442-10/topic/QNN_general_overview.html and
find the "Hexagon Arch" column to get the Hexagon Arch of the target device. For
example, if you want to run on a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 (SM8850), the Hexagon
Arch is V81.

### QNN libraries

After we know the above information, users can locate all required libraries to
execute QNN:

-   `${QAIRT}/lib/{Platform}/libQnnSystem.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/{Platform}/libQnn{Backend}*.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/hexagon-v{HexagonArch}/unsigned/libQnnHtpV{HexagonArch}Skel.so`

For example, users want to execute QNN HTP backends on SM8850, they need to find
the following files:

-   `${QAIRT}/lib/aarch64-android/libQnnSystem.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/aarch64-android/libQnnHtp.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/aarch64-android/libQnnHtpPrepare.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/aarch64-android/libQnnHtpV81Stub.so`
-   `${QAIRT}/lib/hexagon-v81/unsigned/libQnnHtpV81Skel.so`

For example, users want to compile a model for SM8850 with HTP backend in a

> Linux work station, they need to find the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
x86 Linux host machine, they need to find the following files:
```
